Now here's the place to test your knowledge and match
two sets of key points by comparing the descriptors.
We'll be focusing on BRISK and on SIFT in this exercise,
and also keypoints and descriptors have been precomputed,
so you will be working on datasets we load from file.
Now the first task for you is know the BRISK small
datasets with a cross-check option turned off and then turned on.
Look at the visualized key point matches and also at the number of
matched pairs and describe your results in a short text to us.
Second task, at the K nearest neighbor matching,
you should use the kNN match function in OpenCV for this with K set to two.
Then, implement the descriptor distance ratio to filter out ambiguous matches.
When you're done, visualize the results,
count the percentage of discarded matches for
both the BRISK small and the BRISK large data set and,
again, describe the observations to us in a few sentences.
Last task, use both brute force matching and FLANN
matching on the BRISK large and on the SIFT data set and also,
again, describe your observations to us.
Now the idea here is to familiarize you with typical matching results with
problems and mismatches that will occur and how to mitigate their influence.
By describing your observations,
you will be forced to concentrate not only on the obvious,
but also on the small stuff that might easily be missed on a quick glance.
So look closely when comparing those matches and have fun with it, and see you soon.